One successful trial does not prove that an AI Agent is reliable.
Agent behavior varies between runs, so a pass can reflect a stable capability, a lucky trajectory, or an evaluator that missed the failure.
This is why each important task should run more than once.
The distribution of results reveals whether the Agent usually succeeds, occasionally succeeds, or fails in a consistent way that one trial would hide.
Pass at k asks whether at least one of k attempts succeeds.
It is useful when exploration matters and one working solution is enough.
Pass to the k asks whether all k attempts succeed, which is the harder and more relevant bar when users expect the same task to work every time.
The difference is operational.
A research assistant that proposes several hypotheses may benefit from one strong result.
A customer-facing Agent that processes refunds needs consistent correctness, because one failure can create a real financial or trust problem.
Reliability also depends on task balance.
Test cases where a behavior should happen and cases where it should not.
If you only reward searching, the Agent may search everything.
If you only reward refusal, it may stop doing useful work.
Keep trials isolated.
Shared files, cached state, resource exhaustion, or history from a previous run can either inflate performance or create correlated failures.
The test environment should resemble production while resetting the state that would contaminate comparison.
First, run multiple trials because one pass can be luck.
Second, choose pass at k for discovery and pass to the k for consistency.
Third, balance tasks and isolate the environment before comparing results.